Fixing the compiler only flow (#380)
Xilinx/mlir-air: python/CMakeLists.txt

    LLVMSupport
)

# Only building this if we are building the runtime, as it requires
# the headers from the runtime

> if(AIR_RUNTIME_TEST_TARGET_VAL)

Reviewer: It's going to work the same either way but `AIR_RUNTIME_TARGETS` is what determines if the runtime is built.

Author: Thanks for pointing that out. Addressed in [24ea273](https://github.com/Xilinx/mlir-air/pull/380/commits/24ea2732edf24120d953affbbe585025173f59e4).

>   message("Building AirHostModule.cpp because we are building the runtime")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  message(STATUS "Building python extension because we are building the runtime")
```
